HHKB Lite 2 support (#9188)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/hhkb_lite_2/readme.md

# HHKB Lite 2

![HHKB Lite 2](https://deskthority.net/wiki/images/e/ed/HHKB_Lite_2.jpg)

This is for the [HHKB Lite 2](https://deskthority.net/wiki/HHKB_Lite)
by PFU, identified by model numbers PD-KB200W/U or PD-KB200B/U. It
uses the replacement Teensy 2.0 board from [my other
project](https://github.com/thirteen37/HHKB-Lite-2-Teensy).

> Compile and flash this firmware (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     qmk flash -kb hhkb_lite_2 -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make hhkb_lite_2:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make hhkb_lite_2:default:flash
```
